Let's create a trigger mechanism to start the workflow process to jump-start agenticorp into doing things when all beads and agents are idle and nothing seems to be happning from the CEO's perspective.  Internally these will be implemented as triggers - clock events or messages which trigger workflows - but humans call such triggers "Motivations" so we will refer to them as motivations in all of the documentation and user interface and the rest of this converation.

Motivation is why an agent does anything.  Here are possible motivations for different agents that we need to have wired up in our event bus and workflow triggering mechanism

	   A technical program manager is motivated by the schedule.  What calendar date does this need to be done by?  Every project, and every milestone under a project, and every epic and story within that milestone, has a due date.  The TPM always knows the time, as should temporal, and so as the deadline gets closer for any story, epic, release milestone or overall project, a TPM must start trying to ensure that the tasks are all done by other agents.  A TPM just drives then "when", other agents drive the "how"

	   A public relations agent is driven by external events - github issues, follow-up comments in tasks that were closed but may indicate that the task needs to be re-opened and looked at.  A PR agent is also driven by the calendar:  "has a release happened this calendar quarter?  Have I talked about it recently?  What do I need to tell the external contributors and users for this project?"  A PR agent also want to see all of the progress done over a milestone when the milestone is delivered and a release has been done so it can write a nice blog post about it and send it out.

	   An engineering manager is driven by the best way to do things.  It knows when it has to do the work because the TPM will tell it.  It knows where the code is for the project and it knows what tasks are in the backlog.  It needs to comment in tasks about work estimation and it also needs to look at how long the work is taking to complete, asking the TPM to adjust the schedules when it is clear that a deadline will not be met - there is a lot of work to do when there are many projects and only so many providers to do the work.

	   A CEO is the ultimate motivation - they want projects done, they know what they want to see, and they are willing to cancel, pause or re-prioritize projects based on their own thinking.  They are also event driven by the calendar date and by direct requests to them to make decisions.  They can also over-rule the CFO when it comes to cost decisions, but the CFO will ask whether suchbudget decisions are permanant or can be returned to their former levels once a quarter.  The CEO can say yes or no.

	   A CFO's motivation is cost.  It wants to always know how much the providers are charging for the services they are doing, if they provide cost values, and it wants to generate reports on costs at least once per calendar quarter and needs this information. It also wants to know how many projects are consuming resources and if the CEO has signed off on additional spending when a project is using more than its budgeted resources.

	   A QA engineer's motivation is whether or not tests pass and if it is capable of testing the new features as well as any changes made to a project pending a release.  It has to sign off on a release before a release can happen by marking its approval into the release ticket.
	   
